# neuraLib
It will do things hopefully. Written in C++11 (be wary of using C++14/C++17 features as they're not all yet implemented in some compilers).

## Project Structure (so far (for now))
* build (autogenerated build files)
* src
    * blas (**b**asic **l**inear **a**lgebra **s**ystem)
    * cv
    * graph
    * main.cpp (this is only temporary for very crude testing until Google Test is added)
    
## Starting the Development Environment
1. Download Vagrant from: https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html
2. Clone this repository onto your host machine.
3. From your terminal, cd into the repository and enter `vagrant up`. This will use the `Vagrantfile` in the repository to start up an ubuntu/trusty64 box. It will then provision the box using the `bootstrap.sh` provisioning script. **IMPORTANT:** I've added `bootstrap.sh` to `.gitignore`, that way you get the base version once you clone but any other changes to it won't get pushed. I recommend adding these two lines to the end:

```
git config --global user.name "$YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME"
git config --global user.email "$YOUR_GITHUB_EMAIL"
```

## Building the Project
I'm using CMake to build the project. It has cross-platform support so we can build for multiple platforms later on. `src` contains the head `CMakeLists.txt` file, and every subdirectory within it also contains a `CMakeLists.txt`. This CMake tutorial is a decent starting point: https://cmake.org/cmake-tutorial/. I need to update the CMake files to make them flexible to adding new files, otherwise they won't get build/linker errors. 

## Working on the Project
Branch liberally. We can discuss issues/recommendations in the project Issues tab/in person so they don't get lost on Facebook. I've added two new labels, `add-feature` (self explanatory) and `design` for algo/class/project arcitecture/design.   

## Project Goals
I have a rough, vague idea of what I want this to be (lightweight, little to no dependencies on external libraries so it's suitable for mobile/embedded, high performance (concurrency through C++ STL and parallelism through OpenCL/CUDA)) so this can get hashed out as the project goes along. Feel free to add any goals/suggestions.
